(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Mr. Kim. I didn't expect you. What brings you here?
So this was where you were. Both of you.
(Episode 41)
Are you having snacks?
Can you give us some privacy?
Which one of you owns this house?
I'm sorry. I think we should go upstairs.
- Sure. - Okay.
You go wait outside too.
Grandfather.
Shut your mouth.
Grandfather, there has been a misunderstanding.
There's nothing going on between Ji An and me.
This is just a sharehouse.
Hello, sir.
I'd like to talk with the landlord.
Grandfather, please. You can talk with me.
Take a seat.
Sit down.
Didn't Mom tell you?
Right.
You came up with a very nice story.
You told her that you're learning things.
And you said you're not interested in Haesung...
but Do Kyung is chasing after you.
That wasn't a lie. It was true, but we ended it.
I decided to stop.
- What? - It's the truth.
I'm moving back home by the end of the month.
Why would you do that? Just stay in this house.
- Sorry? - I'll buy you this house.
His offer is three times the current value.
How can my grandson live like this?
You're living with other people in a small house.
How can your relationship develop in this place?
The two of you must live together, right?
Grandfather.
You must've been sad that he left home empty-handed.
Sell the house to me.
I'm not interested in selling this house.
That's five times the current market price.
I'll buy you this house. So kick everyone out,
and try living with Ji An.
What are you saying? Please stop this.
Let me officially introduce myself, Mr. No.
I'm Lee Yong Gook, the grandson...
of Daeryun Corporation's Chairman, Lee Chul Min.
You're the grandson of Chairman Lee?
Yes, sir.
We've met when I was young.
It was during the early days of N-Gaon.
Yes. I heard you dropped out.
Are you the landlord?
Yes, I run this sharehouse.
I won't sell it because it's very valuable to me.
Are you the CEO of Mamdaero too?
Yes, I'm the Co-CEO.
So I won't be able to...
touch the shopping mall and woodworking studio.
My father and grandfather gave me their permission.
I should prepare a new plan.
You are very competent.
Please stop.
Then come back home.
You had your way when you kicked me out,
but I will decide when to return.
Sir, everything Do Kyung said is true.
There's nothing going on between those two.
Ji An told me that she was moving out.
Why do you waste your life on a useless business?
When I heard you were an investor...
for social enterprises, I thought it was pathetic.
Everyone has a different opinion.
I'm having fun with my work.
Say hello to the chairman for me.
I will.
I'm sorry.
Why are you sorry?
You didn't humiliate me.
You don't need to feel sorry. There's no need.
I was already preparing myself for it.
I didn't expect that he'd say such things though.
What's going on?
Why aren't you mad? Aren't you upset?
Yes, I am. I'm very upset.
But I don't want to take it out on you.
Why not?
I expected that he'd be harsh on me.
I already knew how he is.
I won't be upset by him. He's not worth it.
Right now, it must be hard for you the most.
Do Kyung, I feel so bad for you.
I rejected you, and your family is bullying you.
I'm ashamed...
to face you.
My gosh.
He just left.
He's still going strong.
I'm going to get some fresh air.
How dare you patronize me?
That's why I hate your family.
I won't go even if you kneel down to beg me.
If it wasn't Do Kyung's family,
I would've wanted to report it to the press.
Why? Why? Why?
Why are you doing this, Grandfather?
I can't go against my family.
You go beyond my imagination.
This is why Ji An doesn't like me. This is why.
What was that?
This is fun.
I used to play this often with Ji Soo.
What you said...
is becoming reality.
I feel bitter and ashamed.
Did you follow me?
I was on my way out for an appointment.
Then you should go now.
But...
are you moving back home?
When?
In two days. I must do something by tomorrow.
Shouldn't we have a farewell party then?
There are no farewell parties in the sharehouse.
They only throw welcome parties.
I heard you are attending classes.
It's fun.
You really found your place now.
Yes, fortunately.
Do you know who invested in my business?
Oh, right. Where did you get it?
Who gave it to you?
Secretary Yoo.
My goodness.
Isn't that unexpected?
You must have been a good boss.
I'm on my way to see him now.
We are having a meeting.
I hope it goes well.
After seeing my grandfather,
do you want to root for me?
I want you to show them something...
for your sake, Do Kyung.
Thank you...
for saying that.
I was to go to the studio after the clean-up.
Okay. Have a good day.
You too, Do Kyung.
- Father. - How could you not...
have known Do Kyung and Ji An are living together?
Do Kyung is living with Ji An?
I couldn't tell you that Do Kyung was into Ji An...
because I was worried about you...
getting disappointed at Do Kyung.
I will separate them right away.
You can't do that.
The owner of that house...
is the grandson of Mr. Lee,
the chairman of Daeryun Corporation,
Lee Yong Gook.
I know that boy.
He's beyond our reach.
He's like a snake coiled up.
How did he end up there?
Daeryun Corporation.
So what do we do?
You should've gotten rid of her...
when you found out that it was her.
Why did you let her go?
Why isn't there anything you can do?
Why is Ji Soo still here?
I had to look for a decent school...
and arrange things.
You're always one step behind, aren't you?
Why would you look for a school?
She can go there first and look for one there.
Ji Soo...
ran away from the foundation day event.
She's got a rebellious spirit.
So you should either tame her well...
or make sure she doesn't dare...
to rebel against you.
Or scare her if you have to.
She's leaving the day after tomorrow.
The day after tomorrow?
I will study abroad.
Let me leave as early as possible.
The day after tomorrow?
Next Monday or Wednesday?
When do you want to go?
I will go the day after tomorrow.
You don't have to worry about Ji Soo now.
That's good news.
I will meet with Ji An again and settle things.
She already said she is going back home.
What would you say to her?
You already met with her.
When you act without reason,
it might backfire.
You will only provoke Do Kyung.
Do Kyung said...
he's given up on her.
Did he give up?
They're putting on a show.
Even if Ji An is telling the truth,
those are just words. That's how she feels now.
People's minds change.
That's why they are scary.
You should never trust people.
What did Do Kyung say?
If he's given up on her,
will he be coming home?
He doesn't seem to be willing to come home.
That's why I suspect that this is just a show.
I am sorry, Father.
I made a mistake...
by bringing Ji An into our family.
And she ended up getting involved with Do Kyung.
If only Do Kyung wasn't the eldest...
If only Jin Soo was older than Do Kyung...
Ji Soo, what did you just say?
Did you say you're quitting?
Yes.
I am sorry I didn't tell you sooner.
Why are you...
Ji Soo's family owns Haesung Corporation.
Is it...
because of my brother-in-law?
I will work only until tomorrow.
Did you...
really think this through?
Did you decide this?
Of course I did.
Is there anything you want to tell me...
or I can help you with?
No. There's no such thing.
I am sorry.
"No matter what you do, you will be successful."
"I will watch you from afar..."
"and root for you."
She hasn't written a comment in a long time.
The person who came in when you were leaving...
is the chairman of Haesung Corporation.
"Haesung Corporation"?
They're unbelievable, aren't they?
Ji An must've felt really bad.
I was impressed by Ji An today.
She wouldn't just feel bad.
She must feel insulted.
But she took it well.
She's an adult.
No. She did it for Do Kyung.
She saw Do Kyung's face turning pale.
Are all rich people like that?
You said this the other time.
You said people in your world...
can't date ordinary people.
Is this what you mean?
Not all rich people are the same.
But look around.
See how many rich people...
married ordinary people.
Is it limited to the business world?
It's also the same in the politics world.
They marry each other.
That's how they increase their power.
You're right.
Ji An was wise.
She knew what was coming.
By the way, why do you look...
even more serious than Ji An?
Am I right?
Why are there so many?
I researched everything...
about waste wood and pellets.
For industrial use, for power generation,
for household use, and for pets.
I never knew it could be used for pets too.
- Welcome home, sir. - Thank you.
- Where is Ms. Min? - It's her day off.
I see.
You're back home.
Yes.
Why are you wearing an apron?
I was making rabokki.
Do you want some too?
Of course. I like rabokki.
I don't know how it would taste.
It seems like you put a lot of things.
It's delicious, Ji Soo.
You cook well too.
No, I don't.
I never cooked at home.
Ji An always did it.
And this is my brother's recipe.
I wanted to cook for you before I leave,
but this was all I knew how to cook.
Before you leave?
I am going abroad to study.
I'm leaving the day after tomorrow.
What?
You're leaving the day after tomorrow?
Yes. I am going to France.
Ji Soo.
What's this smell?
Mother, is Ji Soo going abroad?
You're home early.
I was going to tell you anyway.
She was supposed to go study abroad.
But it's too soon.
Besides, she continued working at the bakery...
even after coming here.
How can she agree to go study abroad?
Did you threaten her?
I told her to go, and she agreed.
Ask Ji Soo if you can't trust me.
How can you suddenly go abroad in two days?
What happened?
I am going because I have to.
By any chance,
did Mother find out about that man?
She did, didn't she?
If it weren't for a guy problem,
she wouldn't push you into leaving like this.
But you weren't dating him.
Right?
You were talking about forgetting him.
Were you dating him?
What happened?
I'm back, ma'am.
I thought you were coming back tomorrow.
I had to bring this.
I hurried to give you this.
I found out where Ji An and Do Kyung are.
You're late.
Father already found them.
While Father's people were finding the place,
what did your people do?
I am sorry, ma'am.
How did Father find out?
I wonder.
Ji Soo.
If you don't want to go abroad, you don't have to.
You don't have to force yourself.
No, I want to go.
You want to go?
I have no reason to stay in Korea now.
Anyway, I have to be a person...
who fits in the family.
But it's all so sudden.
By any chance,
did your mom scold you?
Or...
did she say something that worries you?
I hope you will tell me the real reason.
I am sorry to you.
I know that you are a very nice person.
You said you missed me for a long time.
But I'm not sure if you missed me...
or if you missed the girl named Eun Seok.
What are you talking about?
I think there is...
an image of Eun Seok...
this family wants.
It's neither me nor Ji An.
That's not true. You are Eun Seok.
We've been apart for many years.
Right.
We can't become a family overnight.
Denmark uses a million tons,
and Germany uses 70,000 tons.
In Korea, most houses don't use pellets...
for their small boilers.
It doesn't seem to have much chance, does it?
And some companies are already selling them.
Then search about pet bedding wood.
Okay.
(2018 Unelma Design Contest, Seo Ji An)
(Contacts, Ji Ho)
"You heard from Ji An, right?"
"I lost 5,000 dollars."
"I should've listened to you."
(Ji Tae)
"It's going to be very cold tonight."
"You should leave the heater on."
(Ji An)
"Dad, I made the three-layer drawer."
"Put books on top and use it as a bookshelf.
(Ji Ho)
"Dad, I tried selling on the streets today."
"My practice was successful."
What will you do today?
Today will be my last day at the bakery.
And I will spend the night at my parents' house.
What?
When I come back after three years,
I will be Choi Eun Seok then.
Today is my last day as Seo Ji Soo.
So I want to spend my last day...
at the house I lived as Ji Soo.
Okay. You should do that.
Thank you.
I will eat breakfast here tomorrow.
I am going to the woodworking studio.
Ji An is going to make me earrings.
She always liked wood.
Not knowing that it was actually you,
I shook off your hand and left you.
But...
it turned out it wasn't me.
Do you think it was easy to accept that?
You're not some stranger.
Do you know how shameful I felt to see you?
You were so desperate to study abroad,
but I am the one who's going abroad.
I am sorry, Ji An.
Take care.
I wondered if it was you, and it is you.
Did you come to see me?
No. I am on my way to the bakery.
I heard from Hyuk.
It must be really tough for you.
I was going to call you today anyway.
No. Don't call me. I am okay.
How can you be okay?
Let's meet after work.
I have an appointment.
I see.
Then when will you have time?
Make time for me, Ji Soo.
I have something to tell you.
It's too late.
What?
I am late for work.
Take care.
And stay healthy.
What's wrong? It's as if you're leaving.
It's nothing.
As I see things after everything has passed,
everything seems funny.
I wanted everything to be sorted out by itself.
I have to go. Bye.
She doesn't look good.
Did she come to see Hyuk?
- Yes, Nam Goo. - Hyuk.
I couldn't decide whether I should tell you this.
But I can't stop thinking about Ji Soo...
who ran like crazy to tell me...
that Hee was leaving.
What are you talking about?
Can you talk in a way that I can understand?
Ji Soo is quitting the bakery.
Today is her last day.
Ji Soo is quitting the bakery?
- Ji Soo. - Yes?
Go to the cafe across the street.
Hyuk is waiting.
Why are you quitting the bakery?
You don't have to do that because of me.
It's not because of you.
Then why are you quitting so suddenly?
Have you forgotten?
My family owns Haesung Corporation.
Did you think...
I'd keep working in that small bakery?
They let me work while I was adjusting.
I think it's about time.
That's why I decided to quit.
But I know how much you like Nam Goo's bread...
and how much you wanted to learn to bake.
Yes. I had fun.
But this is not the only place I can be.
I can learn from a famous patissier.
Or I could open a bakery.
Do you mean this?
I realized you were right.
I'm glad you found out before it got serious.
Now, I decided to live as a member of Haesung.
You sound...
so indifferent.
You sound as if this is nothing.
You should've accepted me a little earlier.
Then we could've at least dated a little more.
It's too late.
Excuse me.
Hello.
What are you doing here?
Well, it's raining now.
Pardon?
I just didn't want the wood to get wet.
This is treated wood.
It's okay to get wet.
It's flooring for a terrace.
I didn't know that.
Thank you anyway.
Just leave it as it is. I'll take care of it.
No, I did this. I should clean it up.
You're not going to keep the newspaper, are you?
What? Do you need this?
No.
Don't you have an umbrella?
I... I have one.
What is she doing here without an umbrella?
[VIU Ver] E41 My Golden Life "I'm Going to Study Abroad"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Take this.
So it was that umbrella.
Hyuk.
What are you doing here in the rain?
Drink some of this.
What were you doing in the rain?
Hee.
It's about Ji Soo.
I see.
I heard you broke up with her.
I used to think...
she was silly and foolish.
She covered treated wood with newspaper...
so it doesn't get wet.
I didn't know back then.
Why she did that.
That's who she was.
But I didn't know that for such a long time.
Why did you not get a taxi today?
I'm working late. I should go back after dinner.
Then why were you waiting for me?
Let's talk over dinner.
I have something to tell you.
Imaginary cancer?
Yes. Is it funny?
It's not funny. Why would you say that?
People might feel that way.
It's a ridiculous illusion.
Isn't it?
He must've been very stressed out.
It made him get sick.
It's not that I'm trying to push you or something.
Going through all this,
I realized something again.
I'm his oldest son after all.
I felt so bad for him.
I understand.
On the other hand, I thought...
it might be better for you...
to live alone free and easy...
as you've always wanted to.
You only live once.
And I guess it's time...
to tell my parents about us.
So I want you to make your position clear now.
Are you talking about our divorce?
Yes.
Tell them we're getting a divorce.
I'll divorce you only after our baby gets born.
Seo Ji Tae.
So are you going to wait for me every night?
What if I take a day off and go to a doctor?
Then you can't divorce me.
You're to blame for our divorce.
You won't have the right to sue for divorce.
Okay.
I'll give birth to the baby.
Then we will divorce.
By any chance, don't expect me...
to change my mind after having the baby.
I'm trying not to expect it.
You might be right about this.
It might be better to listen to you.
But...
I just can't do this.
I'm sorry, Soo A.
I get that. So stop waiting for me after work.
Tell your parents about us as you want.
I can stay with Seung Hun.
I should get going then.
(People who love classical guitars)
(Seoul to Jeongseon)
(Ji Soo)
Hello, Ji Soo.
Dad.
I'm going to your house later tonight.
To my house?
Ji An will be moving out tomorrow.
- Ji An. - Yes, come in.
You can use this and return it later.
I'll drive you home after work tomorrow.
Will you do that?
I owe you so much even until my last moment.
Make sure not to leave your stuff here.
Okay.
Gosh.
What are you doing here?
I was just doing some thinking.
Are you throwing it out? Give me that.
No, it's okay.
I should go to a factory early in the morning,
so I won't be able to see you out.
Okay.
You found a factory already?
If you run into me on the streets,
you must at least say hello.
Of course I will. We're not enemies or something.
Have you been well?
Yes. Welcome back.
Nothing has changed.
Sit down. Let's sit. Come here.
How...
Why are you here?
I'm going to study abroad.
So I came to say goodbye.
- "Study abroad"? - "Study abroad"?
I'm going to France.
You... You're going to study abroad?
In France?
How? You're so timid.
They offered to make me a patissier.
When will you leave then?
Soon.
Dad, why do you look so poorly?
I... I don't look too bad.
It's just my old age.
Why have you lost weight?
Me?
I'm trying to lose weight.
So...
Ji Soo...
I'm not here to talk about the past.
I don't want to do that.
I just want to sleep with you tonight.
For one last time.
You... You'll sleep with us?
Yes.
We got you a tutor. Why won't your grades go up?
You might never go to college.
I tried, but I'm no good.
And do I have to go to college?
What? Of course you must.
You'll find a nice husband only then.
My goodness. Will you stop it already?
Stop what? See her report card for yourself.
Grades aren't everything.
Why do you keep stressing her out?
If everyone comes first, who would come last?
He's right.
But why does my daughter have to come last?
Mom, I'm not last in my class.
That's not what I mean.
I'm saying that everyone has their place.
Ji Soo's sweet and naive, so people will adore her.
She makes everyone feel good.
She needs to go to college to become something.
Come on. She doesn't like to study...
because she hasn't found what she wants to do yet.
Once she does, she'll study even if we stop her.
- Right? - Yes.
- You're the best. - Come here.
- Come here. - I love you, Dad.
- I love you. - Sweetie pie.
Now that I think about it,
it's only natural for you...
to favor your own.
But still,
for as long as I lived with you,
you never let me think...
I was not your own flesh and blood.
Thank you.
It's not that, Ji Soo.
It really isn't.
When your mother came,
I was so scared...
that I'd lose my girls.
Both you and Ji An.
I didn't want to send either of you.
But she screamed at me...
and demanded to tell her who her daughter was.
I thought of Ji An, who'd been to...
the police station...
for fighting a privileged friend.
You'd lived with us without any complaints.
You'd been happy.
Who was it? Who did this to you?
Be quiet.
You might not believe me,
but that's how I felt.
I never thought you were not my own.
How could I discriminate you two?
But I'm still sorry, Ji Soo.
I'm so sorry.
I see...
Mom.
I'm meeting the chairman, so I can't see you off.
Okay.
Goodbye.
I'll visit you soon.
I wish you...
good health.
We'll build MJ Resorts in...
Spain, Italy, and Germany simultaneously.
Before the deals to secure the land...
go awry, let me go over and sign the papers.
If Haesung Apparel's president went over...
while the chief director's on leave,
rumors will spread immediately...
about Do Kyung having problems.
Then how long must we wait for him?
There are other bids...
for the plots in Berlin and Valencia.
Send your wife.
Until Do Kyung's return,
make it look like a holiday.
I can't send Jin Hee on her own.
Sir, you must put the company first.
Then did my earrings come through?
So I'm treating you to say thanks.
And to ask for another favor.
Another one?
The customers went crazy over the freebies.
Wasn't it Seo Hyun's clothes?
No, even the clothes I got at Dongdaemun sold well.
Don't spend too much time with Seo Hyun.
You could get Ji Soo in trouble.
Ji Soo?
No, she's doing just fine as the rebellious outlaw.
- "The rebellious outlaw"? - Yes.
No way, not with her personality.
Her family's not the type that will let her do that.
Ji Soo fights back when she's upset.
I bet she did that.
Was it the company anniversary event?
She ran away from it.
She ran away from the anniversary event?
Yes. She retaliated and won her freedom.
She's dating and living life just fine.
Why did she run away from the ceremony?
They wouldn't let her work at the bakery after that.
Why are you mumbling?
Ji Ho.
Check on Ji Soo on your way back.
Okay.
What?
"What?"
Hey, you wanted to come clothes shopping with me.
Oh, that was today.
I can't go today.
My mom might come back home...
after taking Ji Soo to the airport.
Is Ji Soo going somewhere?
Is she going on a trip?
You didn't know?
She's going abroad today to study.
She's going abroad to study? Why?
Miss, when you arrive at the airport,
you'll be given a phone to use there.
Give me the one you used until now.
What... What for?
You must get used to your surroundings.
It's best to forget about Korea.
Give her your phone.
Okay.
Let's go.
Ji Soo, take care.
I'll visit with Mom to do some shopping.
Okay. Take care.
(Ji An)
(Dad)
Dad... Dad, why did you call?
Ji An, have you heard from Ji Soo?
Why?
Is something wrong?
She said she's going to France to study...
and spent last night with us.
What?
Ji Soo's going...
Why would she go so suddenly?
She just said she's going.
But I feel strange like something isn't right.
She's too scared to even go traveling with friends.
And she's saying she'll go to France on her own.
Dad, I'll find out and call you back.
(Ji Ho)
Hey, Ji Ho.
Ji An, Ji Soo's going abroad to study.
I know, I just heard.
She's really going?
Yes. I'm at the bakery, but she quit yesterday.
And Seo Hyun said she was caught dating.
What?
Take care.
And stay healthy.
She must've been threatened.
She's being sent away. What should we do?
(Bouillabaisse and ciabatta)
(Feta cheese spread and focaccia sandwich)
That's why I'm happiest in a bakery.
My family owns Haesung Corporation.
Did you think...
I'd keep working in that small bakery?
Yu Mi, can you send me this month's sales report?
Sure.
I hope you date someone...
you can get to know over a long time.
Goodbye forever.
What's Bread Pitt saying?
Why would a guy say "goodbye forever"?
I want you to know who I am.
I want you to recognize me.
I want to get to know you.
You should've accepted me a little earlier.
Then we could've at least dated a little more.
It's too late.
Was it you?
(Ji Soo)
The phone is turned off.
Ji An.
Hyuk, help me. I need your help.
- What is it? - It's Ji Soo.
She's going abroad today.
But I think she was forced.
What?
You'll really focus on pellets for pets?
That business size suits my reality and situation.
But it must be completely environmentally-friendly.
We can cut costs by using wood shavings.
You've finally broken your old habits.
(Seo Ji An)
- Hello? - Do Kyung, help me.
What is it? Tell me.
Where are you now?
A cafe in Hongdae.
That's great.
Then can you head to the airport...
and call me back?
What's wrong?
- Your car keys. - What's wrong?
I don't know, Ji An asked for help.
Hello?
Seo Hyun, it's Seo Ji An.
Seo Ji An? Who's...
Eun Seok?
When did Ji Soo leave?
No, what time is her flight?
Where in France is she headed?
I... I don't know.
I only said goodbye when she left.
If you don't tell me,
I'll tell your mother...
that you're hanging out with Ji Ho.
Ms. No's with her.
The driver won't go over 80km per hour.
If they left an hour ago,
They could be on the airport highway now.
That's why we must hurry.
See you there.
Ji Soo's going to the airport.
She's being forced to go study abroad.
"Study abroad"? Why would she be forced?
What'll you do if she's being forced?
I won't let that happen.
Hey.
- Do Kyung. - Ji An.
Why is he here?
I'll explain later.
Ms. No's with Ms. Min.
When you see Ms. No's car,
you two can flank her.
Oh, you take the right,
and I'll get in front.
You'll block their way?
Yes, to stop her from going after Hyuk.
Why shouldn't she chase his car?
I'll explain over the phone.
- Let's go. Come on, Hyuk. - Okay.
Why did he tag along?
Why is this so slow?
Go faster, will you?
(Ji An)
Hi, Ji An.
Ji Soo was dating Hyuk.
What?
It looks like...
your mom found that out and scared Ji Soo.
Mom threatened Ji Soo?
What did she say?
Ji Soo told Seo Hyun she had to go.
That if she didn't, many would get hurt.
Didn't she mishear her?
Mom wouldn't say something like that.
Don't be too scared.
People manage to live wherever they are.
Sure.
You've never been abroad for your entire life.
When Do Kyung comes home,
I'll come and visit with your dad and Seo Hyun.
Can I make one call?
I didn't say goodbye to Do Kyung.
Can you call him and put me on?
Are you sure?
Okay, then.
(Mother)
Mom.
Do Kyung, it's Ji Soo.
Yes, Ji Soo.
I'm headed to the airport to study abroad.
I called to say goodbye.
Where are you now?
Don't say anything else.
Look outside, and tell me how far away...
the airport is.
No. Just answer. 10km? 15km?
I don't know about that.
Thanks for the movie date.
What?
And I'm sorry for not catching on sooner.
I'm slow like that.
If I'd known you were the one drying seaweed,
I wouldn't have been so mean.
I'm sorry I didn't know.
I'm sorry I didn't know why you came.
Ji Soo.
And I love you.
Please say that to Ji An.
- What are you doing? - Ji Soo.
Mother.
Ji Soo just called me.
I don't think they're at the airport yet.
That's a relief. What did she say?
I'll tell you later.
But when did they start dating?
Is Ji Soo dating that guy?
He's just a player.
What are you doing? Hurry up.
Hurry up.
Gosh. Seriously.
I'll settle down fast so I can help you.
So don't worry, and just wait.
Don't worry, and just wait.
I've...
heard about that family.
And I've heard about the life of rich people...
and how they raise their children.
I...
don't want to date like that.
As I see things after everything has passed,
everything seems funny.
I wanted everything to be sorted out by itself.
Ji An. I see Mother's car in front.
Okay.
Did you find it?
Yes. Do you see the white car ahead?
It's that car.
General Manager Min.
We have a suspicious tail.
Ms. No. That's the Woodworking Studio truck.
What?
All the other lanes are empty.
I think it's following us.
Mr. Lee. Speed up.
General Manager Min. Call the police.
Yes.
What are they trying to do? Why are they...
Quickly move the car.
Lock the door.
Ji Soo.
No, Seo Ji Soo.
Let's go.
(My Golden Life)
I hope you let Ji Soo live the way she wants.
Get out! Was Do Kyung not enough for you...
to try and order my daughter's life too?
My sister's boyfriend?
No way.
I'm already her boyfriend.
They're pretty tangled up.
Seo Ji An's not easy.
Father will drag Do Kyung home.
I'll drag Ji Soo home.
You can't bring Ji Soo by force.
I will never let that happen.
Let me be your brother just for today.
I'll walk you home like a brother.
You can't smile brightly in front of me.
So I'm never going to stop you.